Ellen:

    iphones and ipads - everyone i know. hardly anyone uses computers. I have a laptop and I never use it. 

    safari, because that's what comes with it

    facebook, insta, text, snapchat

    i want to know what it's like to work in an office, try it myself before I commit to a career path. 
    research in to careers - the career paths of other successful people in this are or that area. what companies are around and what they do. My decisions are not based on what my friends are doing. 
    parents - they think I'm not clever enough to do xyz, exams - 
    I said I was going to do it to someone I respect - keeping my promise is my motivation.

Kwame: 

    Employers want to Attract and engage new talent but not spend as much money doing so (for example not in person).
    End goal would be to employ the right person with the right talent for the right job. 

    * Enterprise Client

    (Works for a science company)

    I want training material that resolves that

    We have professional development courses. 
        I want more people to come to us to do our courses and engage with our organisation. 
            We are not exposed enough to our potential clients. We want more exposure. 
             - for example a solution would be to digitise
        We have the exposure but we don't want to waste time with prerequisits and all the bullshit. 
            We want to facilitate communication between the cohorts before hand
            We want to distribute materials and get learners up to a certain standard before they start.


    We have positions available (for apprenticeships) how can we make the application process better for the applicants (more engaging) and us (to pick the right applicants {
        
        how can we know that the right applicatns are the right applicants
        the only metrics are exam results

    }

    * Internal Learning and Development

    We need to facilitate CPD within our organisation. 
        We have to send our employees offsite, often abroad, it's expensive, and very disruptive. 

    * Education Sector

    We work closely with employers to deliver materials for our students. We want 

    We want to attract new enrollments to our MBA course. How do we find 

    - Learning and Development problems.
    Family Mosaic

    We want to upskill our tenants in our housing association so that they are more employable. Our problem is that it is long to try and batch-train people. 



Zairah

    - Secondary School potnetial learner.
        I have no idea what it's like to work.


        I want to match my interests to certain kinds of jobs I could do.
        I want to align my interests to a career path. 


    - graduate potnetial learner.
        they know they are in an interim job. 
        Pain
            I am lacking real-world experience
            I am over-qualified for my job
            I don't know what the career paths exist - I don't know the steps I need to take.
        Goals 
            I want to build concrete knowledge. Beyond theoretical stuff - something I can actually apply.
            I want to know what it's actually like to work in my chosen career path.
            I want to find out about careers where I can actually use what I learned on my degree
            I want meet people and get advice about my career options and choices. 
            I want to meet people in my position (peers) to discuss what's available to me and to see what they've decided to do.

    - potential professional learner
        I get jobs through other people. Recruiters, recommendations.
        Pain
            I'm unhappy with my current job.
            I'm bored with my current job.
            I'm not convinced my career is going the right direction
            I don't want to be in too high a position or too low relative to my current position.
        Goals
            I want to understand the corporate structure (hierarchy) and how it compares to my current one.
            I want to know what positions are available to me with my *current* skills (also beyond what I know now).
            I want to connect with people who can give me advice - people on my career path, either at my level or above.
            I need to piece together my future.

    - Zachery

        Goals
            I want to discuss what I already know and also gain insights from experts.
            I want to see if anyone has the authority or the experience to tell me about things. 

    - actual professional learner

        Goals
            I want the profile system to be more open-ended: I want to show off what I'm really about and not be confined to my employment and education.
            I want certification and accreditation by official bodies when I complete courses. Recognition is key.
            I want to learn and earn my accreditations in as little time as possible. 

    - ALL LEARNERS
        I want to show off what I'm really about. I want to see and engage with other people like me.



    - Actual Clients - HR managers.
        Goals
            I want visibility to attract the best candidates. 
            I want to push my content and my brand.
            I want to innovate our learning and development - bring new technology to outdated systems - This will give us an edge over our competition.
        Pain
            I struggle to find dedicated individuals.


Carl

LEARNERS
    - where am i on the course what's next, 

a lot of aclients pay for recruiter applicant trackers
- dashboard: want to export and to report.
                I want it to look good. 
            - demonstrate moving through stages e.g. open-ended 
                - sift
                - video interview
                - face to face interview etc. 
                - offer and acceptance
                - onboarding course
                I'd also like to notify those people directly through the system.

            - compared to what jobs are avaialble. 

            ______see Resumator employer dashboard image.______

            best applicant tracking software.

Thisis something a recruiter or an internal recuiter would use. 

typically:
earn 20k - 1st or 2nd job not highly experienced report to a manager. Cover my arse - this cmapaign is going well. 

recruitment is the main goal. Some sort of hr focused job. 



Early careers manager works with - graduates and apprentices
*not dumb recruitment* like head of recruitment
    - they woll be going on to structured development courses together

    - find them
    - onboard thme
    - look after them


- I want to know what the learners strengths and weaknesses are



Learners - when I get hired and move to a new job or whatever the learning and development courses remain with the learner
    - The learner - owns this. Not the employer. 

    We create a common-denominator - you own that learning and take it with you wherever you go. It takes your experience and efforts out of the hands of recruiters and hr.





Kwame


        core potential clients
            - we have been mandated to employ x number of apprentices and we want he best ones. 
            - we want to facilitate a place where learners can 

        Learners
            - I want to see jobs lists
            - I wnat to get live feedback from the employers and other apprenticeship applicants. 
            - I want to be able to see myself working there.


